README.md, before:

# Slippi Game Retriever
Creates a hotkey which automatically copies the latest `.slp` file from the autosave folder to a folder of your choosing and another hotkey which automatically deletes all `.slp` files in the autosave folder.

The executable provided essentially opens your existing `Dolphin.exe` while providing the extra hotkey functionality.

## Installation
1. Download `SlippiGameRetriever.exe` and the three accompanying text files and place them anywhere (so long as they are in the same folder).
2. Locate folder to which `.slp` files are automatically saved, copy its full path, open `autosaveFolder.txt` and paste this path into the file, ensure the file is only one line long and contains no extra characters.
3. Copy the full path of the folder to which you would like selected replays to be sent, open `culledFolder.txt` and paste this path into the file, ensure the file is only one line long and contains no extra characters.
4. Copy the full path of Slippi (including `Dolphin.exe`), open `SlippiPath.txt` and paste this path into the file, ensure the file is only one line long and contains no extra characters.
5. Use `SlippiGameRetriever.exe` or a shortcut to `SlippiGameRetriever.exe` as you would use `Dolphin.exe` or a shortcut to `Dolphin.exe`. 

## Hotkeys
&#8595; (down arrow key): copies the latest `.slp` file in the autosave folder to folder specified in `culledFolder.txt`

&#8592; + &#8594; (left and right arrow keys simultaneously): deletes all `.slp` files in the autosave folder

Commit message:

Compiled executable and changed script name.

README.md, after:

# Slippi Game Retriever
Creates a hotkey which automatically copies the latest `.slp` file from the autosave folder to a folder of your choosing and another hotkey which automatically deletes all `.slp` files in the autosave folder.

The executable provided essentially opens your existing `Dolphin.exe` while providing the extra hotkey functionality. The executable is just a compiled version of the AutoHotkey script in the repository.

## Installation
1. Download `SlippiGameRetriever.exe` and the three accompanying text files and place them anywhere (so long as they are in the same folder).
2. Locate folder to which `.slp` files are automatically saved, copy its full path, open `autosaveFolder.txt` and paste this path, ensure the file is only one line and contains no extra characters.
3. Copy the full path of the folder to which you would like selected replays to be sent, open `culledFolder.txt` and paste this path, ensure the file is only one line and contains no extra characters.
4. Copy the full path of Slippi (including `Dolphin.exe`), open `SlippiPath.txt` and paste this path, ensure the file is only one line and contains no extra characters.
5. Use `SlippiGameRetriever.exe` (or a shortcut to `SlippiGameRetriever.exe`) as you would use `Dolphin.exe` (or a shortcut to `Dolphin.exe`). 

## Hotkeys
&#8595; (down arrow key): copies the latest `.slp` file in the autosave folder to folder specified in `culledFolder.txt`

&#8592; + &#8594; (left and right arrow keys simultaneously): deletes all `.slp` files in the autosave folder
